---
date: 2013-10-02 08:30
hour: 8:45 - 9:30 am
title: Morning Keynotes
name: 
company: 
categories: day1
expand: y
speakers:
- speaker:  
  - title: "Speaker"
    name: "Dr. Christie Smith"
- speaker:  
  - title: "Speaker"
    name: "Ripa Rashid"
---
COVERING

Most Fortune 500 companies have a diversity and inclusion officer who superintends
an impressive array of programs focused on the needs of a diverse workforce. Yet,
reports suggest that full inclusion remains elusive.
Why have inclusion programs stalled on these fronts? One intuitive answer is that
these initiatives have not lived up to the core ideal of inclusion. The ideal of inclusion
has long been to allow individuals to bring their authentic selves to work. However,
most inclusion efforts have not explicitly and rigorously addressed the pressure to
conform that prevents individuals from realizing that ideal.
Uncovering Talent Research hypothesizes that a model of inclusion analyzing that
pressure might be beneficial to historically underrepresented groups. Indeed, given that
everyone has an authentic self, a culture of greater authenticity might benefit all
individuals, including the straight White men who have traditionally been left out of the
inclusion paradigm. To test this theory, this research draws on the concept of
“covering.”
Hear from research that insists inclusion of the whole person will revolutionize
leadership and change corporations for the better. You will be able to identify a plan to
build your own uncovered narrative the story of who you are and take personal
ownership for diversity, inclusion and talent issues.

THE JOYS OF POWER

Only 26% of women in the U.S. report that they would accept an executive leadership
position if offered tomorrow. Research consistently shows that women view the
burdens of a powerful position outweighing the benefits. Yet, two of CTI’s latest reports
Women Want Five Things and Black Women Ready to Lead, find that with power,
women are more likely to get the things they say they want out of their careers: the
ability to flourish, reach for meaning and purpose, excel, and empower others and be
empowered. This research also examines the startling distinctions between black
women and white women in their appetite—and readiness—for executive roles. Our
data shows that black women are more likely than their white female counterparts to
pursue a powerful position and to have greater clarity around how the benefits of
leadership outweigh the burdens. This work underscores the urgent need to reframe
narratives around women and ambition and for companies to change women’s
perceptions of a top job and, equally important, to change what a top job might offer top
female talent.