---
date: 2013-10-02 14:34
hour: 2:30 - 4:00 PM
title: Fast Lane, Wrong Direction, Insider Secrets to Redesigning Your Success
name: 
company: 
location: 
categories: day1
expand: y
speakers:
- speaker:  
  - title: "Facilitator"
    name: "Renessa Boley Layne"
- speaker:  
  - title: "Presenter"
    name: "Tujuanna Williams"
---
In the mad dash to succeed fast, many of us compromise so much of our health,
relationships, family and personal satisfaction for our work. Over time, we findourselves bored, burned out, unfulfilled and operating well below our brilliance, and we
have no idea how to fix it. Whether finding your "right direction" requires a complete
personal or professional u-turn or a mere shift in direction, this session provides self-
assessment and open dialogue to validate where you are with immediately applicable
strategies to get more of what you truly want. Renessa offers witty yet profound insights
from her book Fast Lane, Wrong Direction and her breakthrough new tool, “The
Success & Happiness Test”, equipping you to redesign your personal leadership to
experience greater freedom, fulfillment and excellence in your climb to success.
Participants are encouraged, but not required, to take the Success & Happiness Test
prior to the workshop.

-What are the signs on the road (physical, mental/emotional, professional and
relational) that signify you may be in the fast lane going in the wrong direction at
any point in time?

-What is your "driving dialogue", the single biggest trap to consistently maintaining
your "right direction" personally and professionally?

-What can you do with your signs on the road to experience more fulfillment, vitality
and peak performance in your career, leadership and personal life right now?

Participants are encouraged, but not required, to take the Success & Happiness Test
at www.SuccessAndHappinessTest.com prior to the workshop.