---
layout: speaker
date: "2013-07-11 08:30"
categories: 2014speakers
title: Smith
name: Dr. Robin Smith
position: "National television personality, best selling author, ordained minister, keynote speaker, and licensed psychologist"
image: Smith_Robin.jpg
published: true
teaser: "Dr. Robin L. Smith is a national television personality, best selling author, ordained minister, keynote speaker, and licensed psychologist"
in: null
tw: null
ww: null
---
Dr. Robin L. Smith is a national television personality, best selling author, ordained minister, keynote speaker, and licensed psychologist. Dr. Smith’s relationship book, **_Lies At The Altar - The Truth About Great Marriages_,** translated into 14 languages, has been a #1 National Bestseller on the lists of the New York Times, Wall Street Journal, USA Today, Publisher’s Weekly, Entertainment Weekly and many other publications. Dr. Smith’s first book, **_Inspirational Vitamins, A Guide To Personal Empowerment_** **– Foreword written by Stevie Wonder** has been received with great enthusiasm and acclaim. Her latest book, **_Hungry: The Truth About Being Full_** was released in 2013. She is also a contributing author for the book **_The Audacity of Faith_**.  In 2009 and 2010, Dr. Smith was commissioned to be one of six celebrity participants to endorse **Pepsi’s “We Inspire”** campaign, designed to honor and empower women, where she addressed the important gift and use of wisdom. Dr. Smith will soon be embarking on her national **Fearless Experience Campaign and** **Tour**. One of her first stops will be at the luxury Miraval Spa and Resort, Tucson, Arizona where she will offer the **Fearless Experience** utilizing the gifts and tools of Clarity, Simplicity, and Vulnerability. Whether on television, addressing one of her convention or seminar audiences or preaching a sermon, Dr. Robin, as she is affectionately called, is best known for delivering a powerful and practical message that helps people turn their lives around. Audiences love her because she is down-to-earth and shares information using humor and compassion. **_She is always in the moment_!** 

**Dr. Robin’s mission is to help change the world – One life,** **One** **family, One community at a time.**
  
Dr. Robin has worked as a national and local television correspondent and appeared numerous times on news and entertainment television and radio programs. Her contributions include appearances on **Super Soul Sunday, The Oprah Winfrey Show,** **The Queen Latifah** **Show, Anderson**, **The Steve Harvey Show,** **Larry King Live, NBC/The Today Show,** **ABC News**/**Good Morning America**, **CBS/The Early Show, MSNBC, The Fox News Channel, and many other news and talk show formats,** including **The Tom Joyner Morning Show and The Michael Baisden Show**. Dr. Smith also hosted a five-day a week call-in program on **Oprah Radio for 3 years where listeners got their daily dose of Inspiration, Information and Empowerment for Fearless Living. Further credits include an award-winning documentary on Women and AIDS, and several instructional videos on Stress Management and other health related issues. Billboard Magazine featured Dr. Robin when she appeared as the motivational speaker for the music industry at the Impact Convention**.  Dr. Robin is one of the most sought after speakers and relationship experts in the Country. You often find Dr. Robin’s words of wisdom as an expert in national and international publications. She was featured in **_O Magazine_**, and in 2014 wrote a feature article for **_Ebony Magazine_**. Her wisdom was also found inside the pages of **_Origin: The Conscious Culture Magazine_**, as well as **_JET_** **_Magazine_**.

In addition to Dr. Robin’s busy media and speaking schedule, she develops seminars and workshops for corporations and organizations nationwide.  You can find Dr. Robin delivering a commencement address at a university, speaking to a group of youth at school, or a juvenile detention center, or working with the senior leadership in a corporation – she is equally at home in these diverse worlds. Dr. Robin also enjoys teaching. She served as an adjunct professor at Palmer Theological Seminary, formerly Eastern Baptist Theological Seminary, for many years. She has also worked with incarcerated children and adults, and the staff, bringing her expertise to their very difficult circumstances.

Dr. Smith earned her Ph.D. in counseling psychology from Temple University, her master’s degree from Eastern Baptist Theological Seminary, and obtained her undergraduate degree from LaSalle University. In May of 2007 Dr. Smith received an honorary Doctor of Divinity degree from Palmer Theological Seminary. In addition, Dr. Smith trained in a 2-year clinical program earning a certificate in Contextual Family Therapy. She was affiliated with Psychological Services at Swarthmore College, a former member of the Board of Directors of Albert Einstein Medical Center, Belmont Hospital, and Eagleville Hospital, a drug and alcohol rehabilitation facility. She also served on the Advisory Board of the Barristers' Association of Philadelphia.