---
layout: speaker
date: "2013-08-19 08:30"
categories: 2014speakers
title: Stoudemire
name: Tyronne Stoudemire
position: Principal Senior Consultant, Mercer
image: stoudemire_tyronne.jpg
published: true
teaser: "Mr. Stoudemire joined Mercer from Aon Hewitt, where he served as the Global Head of Diversity since 2009. A proven thought leader in the space of diversity and inclusion
who seeks to enable a transformation of mindset, he is a visionary leader and strategist, certified administrator for the Intercultural Development Inventory (IDI) TM and a certified facilitator in Cultural Transformation Tools TM Tyronne identifies and leverages the opportunities and challenges presented by the expanding multicultural mosaic of worldviews and attitudes regarding health, wealth, and performance given the increasing diversity in the workplace and global marketplace."
in:
tw:
ww: 
---
Mr. Stoudemire joined Mercer from Aon Hewitt, where he served as the Global Head
of Diversity since 2009. A proven thought leader in the space of diversity and inclusion
who seeks to enable a transformation of mindset, he is a visionary leader and
strategist, certified administrator for the Intercultural Development Inventory (IDI) TM
and a certified facilitator in Cultural Transformation Tools TM Tyronne identifies and
leverages the opportunities and challenges presented by the expanding multicultural
mosaic of worldviews and attitudes regarding health, wealth, and performance given the increasing diversity in the workplace and global marketplace. A globally recognized executive and highly sought-after speaker, Tyronne routinely consults with Fortune 100 clients on diversity strategy, with particular insight around how organizational leaders can understand and harness the shifts evident in national and global demographic trends. Tyronne employs a unique talent that results in extraordinary benefits for individuals and organizations and has a proven ability to advance socially responsible corporate initiatives by fostering strategic relationships to catalyze international grassroots movements. With more than 20 years of professional experience, Tyronne brings deep knowledge and commitment to Diversity & Inclusion and Community Relations by partnering with various internal and external constituents to consult, advise, and advance the work of Mercer’s diversity strategy and community effort. He provides the overall firm wide diversity strategy for recruiting to effectively source and recruit diverse talent across Mercer’s global landscape and is responsible for the strategic planning for local and national events. Tyronne partners with Orlando Ashford, the President of Mercer’s Talent business to drive the overall operation optimizing a comprehensive suite of diversity programs impacting 19,000 employees within 35 countries. This governance supports and empowers associate network focus groups, leadership forums, and provides opportunities for meaningful dialogue between management and key multicultural talent. Tyronne provides external diversity consulting for a number of Mercer’s Fortune 500 and 100 clients. He also creates and manages a list of strategic partnerships with key community partners such as: National Black MBA (NBMBAA), Black Data Processors Association (BDPA), National Association of African Americans in Human Resources (NAAAHR), National Society of Hispanic MBAs (NSHMBA), Hispanic Alliance for Career Enhancement (HACE), Out & Equal, Diversity Best Practices (DBP), Working Mother Media, Menttium 100, American Institute for Managing Diversity (AIMD), League of Black Women, National Association of Asian Professionals (NAAP), Association of Latino Professionals in Finance and Accounting (ALPFA), Chicago Urban League, N’DIGO Foundation, Organization of Chinese Americans (OCA), CandidateFive, The Conference Board—Diversity Business Council, FraserNet, Chicago United, and Chief Diversity Officers Forum—with Bennett College. Tyronne serves as a Board member for the Black Ensemble Theater, the advisory board for: Diversity Best Practices, AIMD, and The Conference Board—Diversity Business Council and the Advisory Council for the NBMBAA-Chicago chapter. He facilitates diversity dialogues including: NBMBAA National Conference Workshops—Creating Branding “You” and what’s the Matter with Them! Why Don’t They Get Me?; DBP’s Offshore Global Symposium—Sao Paulo, Brazil—Building a Global Workforce; Chicago United—Drivers of Organizational Change; AIMD—Pursuing the Promise of Diversity and Verging the Gap Between Academia and Corporate America; Chicago High Achievers—A-Level Round Table on Diversity; Chicago United— Drivers of Organizational Change; McGraw Hill—Beyond Recruitment: Cures for the Retention Crisis; and Working Mother Media National Conference—From the Mouths of Men: What it Takes to Put Women in the Corner Office. Black Enterprise magazine named Tyronne the “2011 Top Executive in Diversity,” he received The National Eagle Leadership Institute’s (NELI) National Golden Eagle Award in 2007. NELI again presented him with their newest honor in 2008 with the 2008 Peak Performance award. He is a featured, “Top Achiever” in FraserNet’s 2007-2008 Success Guide Worldwide; the Networking Guide to Black Resources. He received the Chicago-United Benefactor award and Chicago High Achievers’ Award for Advancement. Tyronne is featured in the 2006-2007 Edition’s of Who’s Who in Black Chicago. The National Association of African American Human Resource Executives (NAAAHR) privileged Tyronne in 2008 for his relentless dedication to the industry with a Leadership appreciation award. He served on the planning committee for HACE’s 25th Anniversary Gala, The Music Institute of Chicago’s 2009 Gala; Soaring Stars, received the Monarch Award for outstanding African American Male 2007, the People’s Voice Award for Most Inspirational African American in Lake County 2007, and the Unsung Hero Award from the Apostolic Church of God in Chicago.