---
layout: speaker
date: "2013-07-12 08:30"
categories: 2014speakers
title: Hyun
name: Jane Hyun
position: Founder and President, Hyun & Associates
image: Hyun_Jane.JPG
published: true
teaser: "Jane Hyun is a global leadership strategist and management consultant to Fortune 500 companies, schools, and professional associations. Prior to starting this consulting firm she was Vice President of HR/Talent at JP Morgan, and Director of Recruiting at Deloitte & Touche and Resources Global."
in: null
tw: null
ww: null
---

Jane Hyun is a global leadership strategist and management consultant to Fortune 500 companies, schools, and professional associations. Prior to starting this consulting firm she was Vice President of HR/Talent at JP Morgan, and Director of Recruiting at Deloitte & Touche and Resources Global.  The firm’s signature programs (Bamboo Ceiling® Leadership Series/The Art of Cultural Fluency™ Roundtables) have received international acclaim from Fortune 500 companies, who seek to leverage today’s diverse talent pools to win in today’s global marketplace. She also serves as an advisor to senior management teams and diversity councils about their Asian, women, and multicultural talent strategy. 

Hyun & Associates’ clients range from small companies to large multinationals in financial services, consumer products, pharmaceuticals, consulting/professional services, technology, retail, nonprofit, and schools who seek to adopt next generation leadership practices. 

Hyun appears regularly on CNN, CNBC, Wall Street Journal, NPR, Time, Fortune, and other national media and speaks frequently on the topics of authenticity, culture, and leadership.  A graduate of Cornell University with a degree in Economics/International Studies, she serves on the President’s Council of Cornell Women.  She is also an advisor to the Toigo Foundation and to the Task Force for Talent Innovation, which authored several recent Harvard Business Review studies, including Off Ramps/On-Ramps, Sin Fronteras, Bookend Generations, and The Sponsor Effect. 

She is the author of the groundbreaking book, Breaking the Bamboo Ceiling and Flex: The New Playbook for Managing Across Differences (Mar. 2014).  She has a passion for helping individuals realize their fullest potential in the workplace and their communities.
