---
layout: speaker
date: "2013-07-27 08:30"
categories: speakers
name: Sylvia Hewlett
title: Founder and President, Worklife Balance Institute
image: Hewlett_Sylvia.jpg
published: true
teaser: Sylvia Ann Hewlett is an economist and the founding president and CEO of the Center for Talent Innovation, a Manhattan-based think tank where she chairs the “Task Force for Talent Innovation”—75 global companies focused on fully realizing the new streams of labor in the global marketplace. For the last nine years she's directed the “Gender and Policy” program at the School of International and Public Affairs, Columbia University. She's also the Co-Director of the Women's Leadership Program at the Columbia Business School. She is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations and the Century Association. 
in:
tw:
ww: 
---
Sylvia Ann Hewlett is an economist and the founding president and CEO of the Center for Talent Innovation, a Manhattan-based think tank where she chairs the “Task Force for Talent Innovation”—75 global companies focused on fully realizing the new streams of labor in the global marketplace. For the last nine years she's directed the “Gender and Policy” program at the School of International and Public Affairs, Columbia University. She's also the Co-Director of the Women's Leadership Program at the Columbia Business School. She is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations and the Century Association. Hewlett is the author of 10 Harvard Business Review articles and 10 critically acclaimed nonfiction books including When the Bough Breaks (Basic Books, winner of a Robert F. Kennedy Memorial Book Prize), Off-Ramps and On-Ramps (Harvard Business School Press, named as one of the best business books of 2007 by Amazon.com), Winning the War for Talent in Emerging Markets (Harvard Business Press, 2011) and Forget a Mentor, Find a Sponsor (Harvard Business Review Press, forthcoming September 2013). She is currently ranked #11 on the “Thinkers 50” listing of the world’s top business gurus. Her writings have appeared in the New York Times, the Financial Times, Foreign Affairs, and the International Herald Tribune and she is a featured blogger on Harvard Business Online. In 2011 she received the Isabel Benham Award from the Women’s Bond Club and Woman of the Year Award from the Financial Women’s Association. Hewlett is the founder of Hewlett Chivée Partners LLC advisory services that focus on helping organizations leverage talent across the divides of culture, gender, geography and generation.Hewlett has taught at Cambridge, Columbia and Princeton universities and held fellowships at the Institute for Public Policy Research in London and the Center for the Study of Values in Public Life at Harvard. In the 1980s she became the first woman to head up the Economic Policy Council—a non-profit composed of 125 business and labor leaders. Hewlett is a sought-after speaker on the international stage. She has keynoted International Women’s Day at the IMF, given the featured address at Pfizer’s Emerging Markets Leadership Summit in Dubai, and spoken at the White House. She is a frequent guest on TV and radio, appearing on Oprah, NewsHour with Jim Lehrer, Charlie Rose, ABC World News Tonight, The Today Show, The View, BBC World News, Talk of the Nation—and she has been lampooned on Saturday Night Live.A Kennedy Scholar and graduate of Cambridge University, Hewlett earned her PhD in economics at London University.