---
layout: speaker
date: "2013-08-25 08:30"
categories: speakers
title: Wiley-Little
name: Anise D. Wiley-Little
position: Diversity Woman Star Award Committee Chair & Author
image: Wiley-Little-Anise.jpg
published: true
teaser: Author of “Profitable Diversity, How Economic Inclusion Can Lead to Success” brings over twenty five years of diverse business experience in the discipline of Human Resources. 
in:
tw:
ww: 
---
Author of “Profitable Diversity: How Economic Inclusion Can Lead to Success” brings over twenty five years of diverse business experience in the discipline of Human Resources. 

As Managing Partner with MEGA-K Enterprises, advises, businesses and executives on HR strategy, all aspects of diversity and worklife. Wiley-Little engages in confidential executive and life coaching for CEO’s, CDO’s and other C-suite executives. 

As Vice President of HR and Allstate’s first chief diversity officer, she held accountability for enterprise-wide diversity strategy, supplier diversity, talent acquisition, worklife and was HR business partner to the Sales organization. Prior to this assignment she headed the Compensation Department for Allstate. 

Wiley-Little’s diversity work resulted in significant national recognition and increase in supplier diversity spend to one billion, making Allstate World Class.  

Wiley-Little is a writer on issues of diversity and has been profiled in numerous publications including the Chicago Tribune, Workforce Management, Investor’s Business Daily, Diversity Journal, PR Week, HR Magazine and others. 

She is the recipient of the Most Influential African Americans Freedom Award for her quiet contribution to racial justice and equality. The Leadership Award from the People’s Voice for Most Influential African American; selected one of Chicago’s most influential in Who’s Who in Black Chicago; a YWCA Women of Achievement Award Winner in the Business Category and recognized by SHRM as one of the Top 100 Global Thought Leaders for Diversity.

Wiley-Little is an alumna of Illinois State University and holds a Master’s from the University of Illinois. 
