---
layout: speaker
date: "2015-08-21 08:30"
categories: speakers
title: Snow
name: Kristine A. Snow
position: President, CISCO SYSTEMS CAPITAL
image: Snow_Kris.jpg
published: true
teaser: Kristine (Kris) A. Snow is President of Cisco Systems Capital Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cisco Systems, Inc., where she leads the company’s global captive finance business. 
in:
tw:
ww: 
---
Kristine (Kris) A. Snow is President of Cisco Systems Capital Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cisco Systems, Inc., where she leads the company’s global captive finance business. Cisco Capital is focused on delivering premier solutions in Technology Financing, Channel Financing, and Cisco Refresh. Managing over $9 Billion in assets with a presence in over 100 countries, Snow balances sales enablement for Cisco with overall lease and loan portfolio risk to drive profitability for Cisco Capital.

Snow joined Cisco from CIT Group, Inc. in 2009. As President of Global Vendor Finance at CIT, she led operations in over 30 countries. In this capacity, Snow oversaw office products, technology, and diversified vendor financing with over $15 Billion in managed assets.

Prior to CIT, Snow spent over 17 years at Sun Microsystems, Inc. in roles of increasing responsibilities, most recently as the General Manager and Senior Vice President for Sun’s captive finance business, Sun Microsystems Global Financial Services. In this role, she provided worldwide leadership to its three operating units.

Given Snow’s extensive experience in the technology industry and being a female executive, she remains very passionate about the career growth and acceleration of women in technology. Over the past years, she has participated in several women’s networking groups and mentor circles to help make a positive impact. Snow was honored and recognized for Exemplifying Excellence as a Female Executive as a recipient of the 2012 YWCA Tribute to Women (TWIN) Award for the Silicon Valley. Kris is currently an Executive Sponsor for the Women’s Finance Network at Cisco Systems, Inc.  

Snow is a former Board Director of the Equipment Leasing and Finance Association (ELFA) as well as the Board’s Executive Committee. She is a past Chair of the Vendor and Captive Business Council of ELFA. Snow is currently serving on the Board’s Nominating Committee.